README.md, before:

# RD Indexer

A script which indexes through sources and creates or updates an SQLite database.

It also rehosts the rdzips and images to a Backblaze bucket.

The sources are defined in a YAML file.

## How to use it

1. Create a file called `.env` in the same directory as the `.env.example` file.
2. Copy the contents of `.env.example` into `.env`.
3. Set up Backblaze hosting according to this guide: https://jross.me/free-personal-image-hosting-with-backblaze-b2-and-cloudflare-workers/
4. Fill out the `.env` file accordingly.
   * `HOSTED_FILES_PREFIX` is anything that goes before the filename in the URL of your files. For
     instance, if your file URLs look like `https://example.com/files/ehfaioehaowef.png` the
     `HOSTED_FILES_PREFIX` is `https://example.com/files/`

5. Install node.js and SQLite3 on your OS.
6. In this directory, run `npm install` to install the JavaScript dependencies.
7. If there isn't a directory called `db` in this directory, create it.
8. Start an SQLite3 shell in a new database in the `db` directory, eg:

       sqlite3 db/orchard.db

9. In the shell, execute the `sql/create.sql` script:

        .read sql/create.sql

   (or just copy paste the script in)

10. Exit the shell (Ctrl-D).

11. Run this command (replacing `<path to db>` with the path to the database file you made earlier):

        node lib/cli.js index <path to db> conf/sources.yml

12. It will run and make the database.

    * Right now sometimes it randomly freezes and I don't know why (Programming!). If this happens you can exit it with CTRL-C
      and start it again. It will resume from where it froze.

13. Upload it with

        node lib/cli.js upload <path to db>

Commit message:

consolidate index + upload into a single command, with a NO_UPLOAD environment variable if I need to test something without it uploading

README.md, after:

# RD Indexer

A script which indexes through sources and creates or updates an SQLite database.

It also rehosts the rdzips and images to a Backblaze bucket.

The sources are defined in a YAML file.

## How to use it

1. Create a file called `.env` in the same directory as the `.env.example` file.
2. Copy the contents of `.env.example` into `.env`.
3. Set up Backblaze hosting according to this guide: https://jross.me/free-personal-image-hosting-with-backblaze-b2-and-cloudflare-workers/
4. Fill out the `.env` file accordingly.
   * `HOSTED_FILES_PREFIX` is anything that goes before the filename in the URL of your files. For
     instance, if your file URLs look like `https://example.com/files/ehfaioehaowef.png` the
     `HOSTED_FILES_PREFIX` is `https://example.com/files/`

5. Install node.js and SQLite3 on your OS.
6. In this directory, run `npm install` to install the JavaScript dependencies.
7. If there isn't a directory called `db` in this directory, create it.
8. Start an SQLite3 shell in a new database in the `db` directory, eg:

       sqlite3 db/orchard.db

9. In the shell, execute the `sql/create.sql` script:

        .read sql/create.sql

   (or just copy paste the script in)

10. Exit the shell (Ctrl-D).

11. Run this command (replacing `<path to db>` with the path to the database file you made earlier):

        DONT_UPLOAD=true node lib/cli.js <path to db> conf/sources.yml

12. It will run and make the database.

    * Right now sometimes it randomly freezes and I don't know why (Programming!). If this happens you can exit it with CTRL-C
      and start it again. It will resume from where it froze.

13. Check that it's fine and didn't explode

14. Once we're sure it works, you can run it without the DONT_UPLOAD flag and it will upload it
